contribution guide: add info about TiDB Docs Dash 2024 (#15894)
pingcap/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

## What you can contribute

🚀 To provide you with better TiDB documentation, we sincerely invite you to participate in the [2024 TiDB Docs Dash](https://www.pingcap.com/event/tidb-docs-dash/). In this event, you'll have a chance to work with other members of the community while making a meaningful impact on [TiDB documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/) and [TiDB Cloud documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/).

- **Dates/Time:** January 9 at 08:00 UTC ([your local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=TiDB+Docs+Dash+2024%3A+Start&iso=20240109T08&p1=1440))  – January 12 at 07:59 UTC ([your local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=TiDB+Docs+Dash+2024%3A+End&iso=20240112T0759&p1=1440))

> - **Event details**: <https://www.pingcap.com/event/tidb-docs-dash/>
> - **Participation introduction**: <https://github.com/pingcap/docs/issues/15479>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Event details**: <https://www.pingcap.com/event/tidb-docs-dash/>
- **Issue list**: <https://github.com/orgs/pingcap/projects/51/views/3>
- **Participation introduction**: <https://github.com/pingcap/docs/issues/15479>
```

- The [archived documentation](https://docs-archive.pingcap.com/) is no longer maintained and does not receive any further updates.

### Use cherry-pick labels

As changes to one documentation version often apply to other documentation versions as well, we introduce [ti-chi-bot](https://github.com/ti-chi-bot) to automate the PR cherry-pick process based on cherry-pick labels.

- If your changes only apply to a specific documentation version, just create a PR based on the branch of that documentation version. There is no need to add any cherry-pick labels.

- If your changes apply to multiple documentation versions, instead of creating multiple PRs, you can just create one PR based on the latest applicable branch (such as `master`), and then add one or several `needs-cherry-pick-release-<version>` labels to the PR according to the applicable documentation versions. Then, after the PR is merged, ti-chi-bot will automatically create the corresponding cherry-pick PRs based on the branches of the specified versions.

> - If most of your changes apply to multiple documentation versions but some differences exist among versions, besides adding the cherry-pick labels to all the target versions, you also need to add the `requires-version-specific-change` label as a reminder to the PR reviewer. After your PR is merged and ti-chi-bot creates the corresponding cherry-pick PRs, you can still make changes to these cherry-pick PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If most of your changes apply to multiple documentation versions but some differences exist among versions, in addition to the cherry-pick labels for all the target versions, you also need to add the `requires-version-specific-change` label as a reminder to the PR reviewer. After your PR is merged and ti-chi-bot creates the corresponding cherry-pick PRs, you can still make changes to these cherry-pick PRs.
```
